[The following content is intended
for viewers aged 18 and over]
[It may contain graphic imagery, sounds,
or material involving violence,
sexual themes, and strong language;
viewer discretion is advised]
[This series is a work of fiction,
and any resemblance to actual persons
or to actual events and places is coincidental]
Remember our good times?
From now on, I'll be the one taking care of you.
♫What is left are shadows of ourselves
standing in its place♫
♫And the scars of our pain♫
♫That will never fade away♫
♫What is left is the gaping wound of the past♫
♫Imprisoned by the love
neither of us could never grasp♫
♫If we could turn back time,♫
♫I wonder if we'd hold each other again♫
Hi, Vier.
This is your welcome party.
Are you having a good time here?
Tomorrow,
I'm taking a trip to the beach.
I invited a bunch of guys and beautiful girls.
If any of them catches your eye,
feel free to choose.
I'll pass.
What would I do if your fiancee came after me?
Gosh.
No need to worry about her.
I simply want to do my part as a lovely host
and give you a memorable welcome.
This will show you how far the King Group
has come
and how big it has become.
Alright. Enjoy.
You fool!
Can't you watch where you're going?!
Are you blind?!
Why are you just standing there?
Apologize to him already.
I'm sorry, sir.
What? That's it?
Huh?
Do you realize his jacket alone
is worth more than your salary?
Don't just stand there and do nothing!
Don't you know who he is?
Gosh, what a fool!
You've actually never heard of him?
That's enough.
But...
It's fine.
I'm the one
who's supposed to apologize.
I was in your way.
My name's Vier.
If there's any problem,
feel free to tell me.
Don't just stand there!
Leave already.
Hey, Vier.
I'm sorry for what happened.
Why don't you get changed
so you can enjoy the party?
It's okay.
I'm getting sleepy, actually.
I'm also going to stop by
and see Uncle Katha tomorrow.
Sure thing.
I'll give you a ride there.
See you.
Welcome, Vier.
How was the welcome party?
Did you have fun?
It was pretty fun.
Thank you.
The last time I saw you,
you were just a little boy.
Now that I get to see you again,
you've all grown up.
I've been friends with your father for ages,
so consider this house your own.
Alright.
Let me show you around the house.
It was actually designed by Ken,
with the same standards as the hotel in mind.
Soon, we'll be working together,
won't we?
It'd be a pleasure.
Alright.
This deer collection looks immaculate.
Its placement is just as perfect.
This is Ken's work.
He's good at this.
If you interested in the hospitality industry,
we at King Group
should be among the first business partners
you think of.
I've heard that VPG Group
is interested in this line of business.
This is the perfect opportunity for us
to exchange perspectives
and grow our business opportunities together.
Thank you for the advice, Mr. Ken.
However, I think...
I need more time.
I want to do my due diligence
before the time comes.
Mr. Ken.
The bench you ordered has arrived.
What do you think about the color?
Where should we put it?
It's beautiful, actually.
Just put it wherever you want.
Can't you see that I've got a guest over here?
It's not just the color, however.
Finding a suitable location
is just as significant.
It'll add balance to the overall space.
In some matters,
if it's not your responsibility,
it's better to let the one
at the helm handle it.
Father...
I'm sorry.
Wait.
You mentioned the significance of the placement.
What do you mean by that?
Is this your youngest son, Uncle?
I met him last night, actually.
But Ken didn't introduce him to me.
Kelvin.
He's my other son.
Well,
explain its significance to him.
So...
The significance of decoration
is not solely about aesthetics,
but about
the combination of beauty, functionality,
and harmony.
These three aspects
reflect the owners' characters
and lifestyles.
Get back to your task at hand.
Go.
Dinner will be ready at 6:30 P.M., sir.
If there's any food
you're allergic to or don't eat,
please inform the house staff or me.
Right. Thank you.
Now, if you'll excuse me...
"There are a lot of security cameras.
If you value your privacy,
you should be careful."
Oh, Vier is here.
How's everything?
Do you like your bedroom?
It's beautiful and very comfortable.
Thank you.
And...
Where's Kelvin?
Isn't he joining us for dinner?
Just ignore him.
He's always been like this.
He prefers to be alone,
like the nerd he is.
Kelvin is a very private person.
I think it's best we dig in.
The food's still hot.
Eat it while it's fresh,
before it loses its flavor.
Right.
Make sure you finish it tonight.
I've got a meeting to attend tomorrow morning.
Yes.
I'll get it done as soon as possible.
Is there a problem?
The steak at dinner...
Did you make it?
Yes, I did.
It was wonderful.
And why didn't you
come join us?
Uh...
I have urgent work to finish tonight.
Ken's work?
Don't tell me
you haven't eaten anything.
I need to get back to work now,
or I'll be late.
Can you check the email I sent you?
Give it a read.
Based on what I've found,
each property has its pros and cons.
Still, they seem pretty decent overall.
They're perfect for a full-service hotel complex.
Great.
That's why you're my best assistant
and a good boy shareholder.
A good boy?
You called me "a good boy"?
I'm a person, not a dog!
Be nice, please.
I'm helping you out here.
Oh, and...
About King Group...
How's the research going on that front?
Um...
Well...
Nothing good to report, honestly.
Everything is exaggerated.
I'll have to dig into it a bit more.
As for the plan of VPG Group
to enter the hospitality industry,
I think King Group would be a great choice.
However, investments always come with risks,
especially when dealing
with a company of this size.
So, stay sharp and don't be careless.
Mhm.
Agreed.
Can we get back to that topic?
If your hunch about Mr. Katha's son,
Kelvin, is correct,
I bet it must have been rough for him.
How so?
Well...
You're an only child, right?
You grew up with all your parents' love.
As for someone like me,
I don't even know who my parents are.
It's hard for me to get my footing in life.
Don't think like that.
You've got me.
I'm your family.
Anyway...
Let's get through this first.
Then I'll give you a long vacation
so you can go stay with your grandma.
Okay?
Mhm.
Let's call it a night.
It's getting late. I'm going to bed.
Goodnight.
"You're always being watched in this house."
Where's Ken?
Why isn't he here by now?
He's still in bed, sir.
Shut it.
I was preparing for the meeting.
What?
Dig in already.
What are you waiting for?
Uncle,
is it necessary to have security cameras
in the dining room as well?
I saw four of them in the living room yesterday.
Is it necessary to have this many cameras?
It's an affluent neighborhood.
That's just how it is.
It's nothing out of the ordinary.
Other houses have just as many cameras.
The valuables in this house
are priceless.
I feel safe
having them installed.
Do they make you feel uncomfortable, Vier?
Oh, not at all.
I've checked both the Finance
and HR departments.
Everything seems fine.
After this, I'll probably check
the core business.
Right.
I need to hang up now.
Oh, Kelvin?
Have a seat.
Is there a problem?
Those notes and letters
were from me.
Could you please not tell my father?
Why do I have to tell him about them?
You knew that
they were from me, didn't you?
Do I really look that smart?
Your ears are a bit red.
So is your face.
Why are you nodding?
Please don't tease me, Mr. Vier.
All I ask is that
you don't bring them up to my father.
I don't want any trouble.
If you don't want trouble,
then why send me the notes?
Why did you warn me
about the security cameras?
Can you tell me why?
Those cameras...
They're there to monitor me.
Helping yourself?
Oh...
Why were you acting like a waiter the other day?
Your dad doesn't give you any money?
Why do I need to use their money?
I've got my own two hands.
I can make a living on my own.
So you really were there to work.
Ken told me that he needed to accommodate
a very important guest,
but he lacked the manpower.
So I offered to help.
Then why did he talk to you like that?
It didn't sound like you were siblings.
That's how he usually talks.
I'm used to it now.
Okay, whatever.
About what you asked me...
I won't tell anyone.
Don't worry.
Thank you.
With that said,
I need to go back to work now, if you don't mind.
It's already past working hours.
You're not going home?
I'm helping prepare for my brother's engagement.
I'll be on my way now.
So people like this really do exist, huh?
He really can do anything.
You can read English, too?
You're quite talented yourself.
The door was left open.
I knocked on the door before entering,
but you didn't respond.
So I decided to barge right in.
I'm sorry for that.
What were you doing?
I wasn't doing anything.
I was simply looking for something to read.
Were you doing research
to help grow the family business?
No, it wasn't like that.
I wanted to educate myself.
It's got nothing to do with the business either.
You've got great taste, I must say.
You work harder than Ken, too.
The fact that you were able to design this house
already says a lot.
It's Ken's work,
not mine.
Really?
It's true.
Liar.
Here.
You look way more handsome without the glasses.
I'm sorry?
Kids these days...
They're so bad at their jobs.
Even a little scolding here and there
is too much for them.
Then they start crying and getting all dramatic.
Come on in, Vier.
Let's talk business.
- This way.
- Of course.
Have a seat.
Sorry, I was just relaxing.
Right.
What's on your mind?
I think I would need some more time
to evaluate several other factors.
It's in both of our best interests.
So I'd like to ask to postpone
the contract signing for now.
I want to have all the details
and see things a bit more clearly.
On top of that,
you have big events coming up, right?
Your engagement and marriage.
What do you think?
Sure. I'm fine with that.
Right.
Brother,
I've finished the design...
and planning for the Hua Hin project.
As for the backdrop and the stage,
I've made some adjustments.
Don't you see that I've got a guest here?
I'm sorry.
I wasn't paying attention.
Goddamn it!
Those glasses are useless!
Don't just stand there!
Get the hell out already!
Wait.
I have to take my leave now.
An urgent matter has come up.
Why the fuck are you just standing there?
Get the hell out!
Right.
Do you have to do this much for your brother?
Your talents
can actually secure you a higher position.
I simply do whatever he asks me to.
If he told you to serve a prison sentence for him,
you'd do it too?
We're 20 minutes behind schedule, Mr. Likit.
Hello, Uncle.
Oh, hello.
Apologies for being late.
It's okay. The ceremony hasn't even begun.
Oh, this is Mr. Likit,
Ken's future father-in-law.
He's also Chairman of the Board of Loyde Group.
Nice to meet you, Mr. Likit.
I've heard so much about you.
It's been an honor to meet you.
Mr. Watt has been blessed
with a son who is both handsome
and promising.
Thank you.
My father sent me
to offer his congratulations to both families
on this joyful union.
The future will surely be bright and prosperous.
Thank you so much, Vier.
Once our project succeeds...
and our three companies join forces,
we'll be the dominant force in ASEAN.
Right.
Your daughter still hasn't arrived.
Excuse me for a moment.
I have something to take care of.
Make yourself at home.
Thank you.
I'll also have to be on my way.
Alright.
Hey!
You still can't reach her?
We're already 20 minutes behind schedule!
The guests are all here!
You're asking me?
How am I supposed to know, Dad?
I've already called that bitch over 30 times.
Watch your language!
Someone might hear that.
Mr. Likit has sent his people to get Lalin.
As for Vier, he's just arrived.
This engagement ceremony
is very important to both of our families.
Be patient
and don't mess anything up.
Understood?
[All voice recordings]
You've never come all this way to get me.
You were supposed to be dressed properly
and at the ceremony 20 minutes ago.
Are you trying to humiliate me?
You wouldn't feel humiliated in the first place
if you hadn't agreed to let me be with that idiot.
Have I ever told you I wanted to marry him?
You know how necessary this marriage is.
We are joining forces to grow our business.
There's nothing but benefits,
and you'll be set for life.
Set for life?
I don't think so.
Everyone knows Ken is an idiot.
He's also a player to boot.
Yet, you chose to turn a blind eye
and take him in as a son-in-law?
You're ruining everything.
Your younger brother will also suffer.
Everyone will be in trouble
because of your actions.
So I'm the one
who has to take the bullet
just to make everyone happy?
What do you want?
Get rid of all your men.
I'll find and hire the workers myself.
While we're at it, stop sending a spy to stalk me.
One last thing...
I want 20% more of the shares.
20%?
That's too much. I can't do that.
All of that in exchange for your daughter's life?
[Katha]
Well, then...
I guess I can't help you.
You'd better brace yourself.
Thank you, our distinguished guests,
for taking the time to be here.
The two of us
have known each other since we were kids.
You can say...
Lalin is my first love.
Today, I couldn't be happier
that we
are getting married.
Apologies for the interruption.
Dad?
Good to see you, Mr. Ken.
You're being charged with money laundering.
Please cooperate with the authorities.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
You have the right to consult an attorney
and to contact your relatives,
as permitted by law.
Excuse me, officers.
I'm Ken's father.
There must be some kind of misunderstanding.
As far as I know,
my son has never done anything illegal.
He's also getting engaged today.
And there are a lot of guests here.
If there's a problem,
could we discuss it later?
Please, officers, if you could.
I'm afraid that can't be done.
You're coming with us for questioning.
Here's the arrest warrant.
Alright. Take him away.
Hey!
I didn't do anything!
Let me go! Hey!
Dad!
Sir, please help me!
If you're not guilty,
there's nothing to worry about.
Dad.
Officer...
- please.
- It can't be done.
This way. Please cooperate with us.
Let me go!
- Dad!
- It's okay.
Ken, I'll come get you.
Help me, Dad!
Let me go, damn it!
Looks like the engagement is off.
That said, our agreement still stands.
Kelvin!
You called the police on Ken, didn't you?!
What happened to him?
Kelvin!
Can you stop fucking playing dumb?!
You really think doing this
will get you everything?
Not a fucking chance!
I only have one son.
His name is Ken!
You're not my son!
It's okay if you don't see me as your son.
It's okay if Ken doesn't see me as his brother.
To me...
everyone is family.
Ken is my brother.
There's no way I'd hurt him.
I've been willing to do anything for him.
You see it, don't you?
If that's what you're saying,
then come to the police station with me
and tell them you're the real culprit!
If you love your brother
and this family,
do as I say!
You...
You mean...
You want me to...
serve his sentence instead of him?
It's to prove he's innocent.
It's for his future
and for the sake of King Group.
Can you do it for me?
Once things die down,
I'll get you out. I promise.
It's fine if you don't love me.
I've been biting my tongue
and doing everything,
hoping that one day
you'd love me
and accept me.
I never knew...
you could be this heartless.
What makes you think I don't love you?
I'm simply asking you to save our family.
Can you prove it to me?
Can you do it for us just this once?
I'll do it.
I'll serve his sentence.
Can you give me Mr. Ongart's phone number?
He's my father's friend.
Hey, you're not going to meddle in
Ken's money laundering case, are you?
It's extremely complicated.
I don't think it's worth it.
Aside from lying,
what I hate most
is treating someone unfairly.
- Dad!
- I'm here to save you, son!
Open the door!
- Dad!
- Ken.
Ken...
Are you okay?
Hey.
Why are you doing this to me?!
A week ago,
fucking Ken
sexually assaulted my sister in his office.
She's now suffering from depression
and almost took her own life!
What does this have to do with me?
Ow!
It's because you're related.
If he comes to see you,
give him my fucking regards.
Ow!
Stop!
What are you doing?!
Let me go.
Mr. Kelvin.
You're free now.
So...
My father's bailing me out of jail?
This way.
Get in.
Just ask me what's on your mind.
I confessed everything.
What did you do to get me out?
When it comes to this kind of stuff...
I have to pull some strings to get it done.
Thank you.
Did my father send you?
Your father?
Saving you?
I'm doing this myself.
I'm returning the favor.
Me?
It's about the security cameras.
Can you promise
not to tell anyone about this?
I don't want any trouble with your family.
I don't want this to affect the business.
Now, that's more like it.
Where are your glasses?
Who did you get into a fight with?
I'm the one
who got beaten up.
You're a fighter yourself, you know?
And that's cool.
Thank you
for getting me out.
I promise
that I'll repay you.
No need to thank me.
With that said...
How are you going to repay me?
How about you repay me right now?
Let's just say...
You have to be mine...
alone.
What's with you?
Don't tell me that
you've never...
Hey!
You're still a virgin?
Hey...
You said you'd repay me, didn't you?
This is nothing.
Why are you taking me here?
You were locked up there all night.
I want you to get some fresh air.
Do you like the view?
Well...
I don't know.
I don't like it yet.
So?
Do you like it now?
This way, you'll see better.
Well...
I do,
but I still can't see it very clearly.
I don't have my glasses.
Huh?
Can you...
see me clearly now?
It's blurry.
How about this?
Still blurry.
Well... How about now?
Now, it's clear.
From now on,
whatever you want,
I'll give it to you...
even my own life.
I don't want it,
your life.
For me,
sex isn't a big deal.
It's like eating and sleeping.
If I feel like it, I do it.
If I want it, I take it.
We are not lovers.
I do not love you.
Consider this...
a one-night stand.
No strings attached.
Oh, by the way...
I'll treat you to a pair of contact lenses.
Didn't you say
your brother took the blame for you?
Why was he freed?
The police said
it was due to a lack of evidence.
However, you need not worry.
I've taken care of everything.
Such an incident will never happen again.
When it comes to being a nominee,
transparency is the most essential quality.
Once tarnished,
they will have to be swept away.
Understood?
Understood.
The current goal is
to secure investment from VPG Group.
If you fail this,
your life will not be as easy as it used to be.
Yes.
Bastards.
Lalin, my babe.
You were arrested, weren't you?
Why are you still loitering around here?
Lalin,
I can explain this.
I just talked to your father.
Once things quiet down,
I'll arrange our wedding as soon as possible.
What a shame.
Some people
are better off in a prisoner uniform
than in a groom's attire.
You bitch.
You're not calling me "my babe" anymore?
I forgot...
that some girls...
shouldn't be addressed by their names.
A girl like you...
isn't worth that much either.
Don't be so arrogant.
No one would want you as a wife.
Are you just saying that...
to make yourself feel better?
Yes, Dad?
I've already spoken to Mr. Likit.
Try to behave as best as you can.
Don't cause any trouble.
Have you met Lalin yet?
What did she say?
Dad.
Can you stop bringing up that bitch?
I'm absolutely pissed right now.
What did you two argue about this time?
Can you just be patient
until the wedding is over?
Don't even get me started on VPG Group.
You need to get Vier
to sign the contract already.
Don't waste any more time.
Remember this:
every day wasted is our money lost.
So you'd better get it sorted out.
Vier.
I'm in the clear now.
I wasn't at fault.
I was framed.
I hope this doesn't affect
the relationship between our companies.
I'm glad to hear
that you're safe.
It's a shame, really.
I've pulled out of the investment
with King Group.
Why would you do that, Vier?
Let me explain myself.
It was all a misunderstanding.
I didn't do anything wrong.
It's all cleared up.
I was framed, Vier!
I understand how you feel.
However,
our visions aren't quite aligned.
A long-term, sustainable collaboration
would be hard to achieve.
That said, I must thank you
for taking such good care of me.
I've had my assistant
take everything you did for me into account.
I've already transferred
the compensation to your account.
I hope you understand.
Damn it!
We are not lovers.
I do not love you.
Consider this...
a one-night stand.
No strings attached.
Still awake?
You dropped this in the car.
Thank you.
Is it your partner's?
It's my mother's, actually.
I have to go now.
Leaving already?
Where are you off to?
Negotiations and vetting of King Group
have concluded.
Can I borrow your phone for a minute?
Call me if you miss me.
♫Countless memories♫
♫That cut you deep♫
♫I know there's no way♫
♫To make things right again,♫
♫'Cause I once believed I couldn't love at all♫
♫Never saw your worth until the fall♫
♫If I knew how to love you right,♫
♫I wouldn't live in regret tonight♫
♫I hope the stars would hear my plea,♫
♫I don't want this pain inside of me♫
♫I need you♫
♫Only you♫
♫There's one thing you should know♫
♫I'm sorry I once broke your heart♫
♫I'm sorry for making you cry♫
♫I'm sorry I was so unkind
while calling you mine,♫
♫Keeping you close, just by my side♫
♫I'm sorry I once broke your heart♫
♫I'm sorry for making you cry♫
♫I'm sorry I was so unkind
while calling you mine,♫
♫Keeping you close, just by my side♫
♫I'm sorry I once was so heartless and cold♫
♫The truth is I love you with all of my soul♫
♫Just one more chance, let me prove it to you♫
♫Let me show you how much I love you♫
♫How much I love you♫
♫Just one more chance, let me prove it to you♫
♫Let me show you how much I love you♫